doc: Documentation on contributors (#280)
CanalTP/kirin: documentation/internal_format.md

- StopTimeUpdate

## Model details
### Contributor

> A contributor is the owner of a realtime service and contains configuration information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A contributor is a provider of a realtime service. In db, it is linked for a specific coverage and contains configuration information.
```
@pbougue ?

Reviewer 2: I pushed the change, mentioning a "referent" coverage (to match the fact that it can feed multiple coverages, but only one is referent).
